Features
========

.. index::
    single: Features

**Making it easier to manage attention grabbing Bootstrap Carousels and
compelling Bootstrap Jumbotrons as banners on home pages**

Designed to quickly and easily manange attention grabbing Bootstrap carousels
and compelling Bootstrap Jumbotrons as banners with the same ease as ordinary
Mezzanine pages without editing templates.

The following Bootstrap layouts are supported:

* Carousel
* Jumbotron

The Django sites framework is supported.

.. index::
    single: Bootstrap carousel
    single: Carousel
    single: Banner; Carousel

Carousel
--------

Bootstrap carousel for images with impact.

A Carousel consists of a **banner** with settings for the carousel and a number
of **slides** each with an *image* and a *call to action*.

.. index::
    single: Banner; Carousel
    single: Collection of slides
    single: Title
    single: Bannertype Carousel
    single: URL

Banner
~~~~~~

A Banner holds a collection of slides and settings for how the slides should be
displayed.

The **Title** is for your information and will be used to generate the URL if
you don't supply one.

The **Bannertype** should be set to Carousel.

The **URL** is used to identify the Carousel in your template and is
autogenerated from the title if you don't supply one.

Other aspects that affect how the slides are displayed are described below.

.. index::
    single: Buttonsize

Buttonsize
..........

The size of the call to action button, and is one of the following:

* Large
* Default
* Small
* Xtra small

.. index::
    single: Button chevrons

Button chevrons
...............

If you would like to include chevrons in the call to action button, then choose
whether you would prefer them on the Left or Right.

.. index::
    single: Interval
    single: Slide interval

Interval
........

The slide cycle time is specified in milliseconds with a default of 5000 equal
to five seconds.

.. index::
    single: Wrap
    single: cycle

Wrap
....

Whether the carousel should cycle continuously or have hard stops.

.. index::
    single: Pause
    single: mouseenter
    single: mouseleave

Pause
.....

Pauses the cycling of the carousel on mouseenter and resumes the cycling of the
carousel on mouseleave.

.. index::
    single: Show indicators
    single: Indicators

Show indicators
...............

Displays the indicators showing which is the active slide in the set.

.. index::
    single: Animate transitions

Animate transitions
...................

Adds a little eye candy to the slide transitions.

.. index::
    single: Status; Carousel
    single: Published status; Carousel

Status
......

The Carousel can be published or not.

.. index::
    single: Slide

Slide
~~~~~

.. index::
    single: Title; Slide

Title
.....

The slide title will be rendered with an h1 tag if Banner show title is
checked.

.. index::
    single: Show title; Slide

Show title
..........

Show slide title.

.. index::
    single: Content; Slide

Content
.......

Main text body of the slide.

.. index::
    single: Call to action; Slide

Call to action
..............

A *call to action* such as 'buy now' or 'find out more' let your audience know
what you want them to do next and is often a useful motivator.

If there is a call to action it will be displayed as a button using the size
and any chevrons as set in the Banner.

.. index::
    single: Button type; Slide

Button type
...........

The call to *action button* colour can be one of:

* default
* primary
* success
* info
* warning
* danger

.. index::
    single: Image

Image
.....

The image to be used for the slide.

.. index::
    single: Link; Slide
    single: Call to action; Link
    single: Image; Link

Link
....

The destination link.  The link is used for the **call to action** and the
**image**.

.. index::
    single: Status; Slide
    single: Published status; Slide

Status
......

The individual slides can be published or not.

.. index::
    single: Banner; Jumbotron
    single: Jumbotron
    single: Text banner

Jumbotron
---------

Bootstrap jumbotron for a headline grabbing text banner.

A Bootstrap Jumbotron is a great way to present a simple text banner.  The
information is a subset of a carousel and is managed in a similar fashion.

Unlike a carousel that would has more than one slide, a jumbotron normally
has just the one text block.

.. index::
    single: Banner; Jumbotron
    single: Collection of Jumbotrons

Banner
~~~~~~

A Banner contains the settings for how the Jumbotron should be displayed.

The **Title** is for your information and will be used to generate the URL if
you don't supply one.

The **Bannertype** should be set to Jumbotron.

The **URL** is used to identify the Jumbotron in your template and is
autogenerated from the title if you don't supply one.

Other aspects that affect the display of the Jumbotron is described below.

.. index::
    single: Show title; Jumbotron

Show title
..........

Show the jumbotron titles.

.. index::
    single: Buttonsize; Jumbotron

Buttonsize
..........

The size of the call to action button, and is one of the following:

* Large
* Default
* Small
* Xtra small

.. index::
    single: Button chevrons; Jumbotron

Button chevrons
...............

If you would like to include chevrons in the call to action button, then choose whether you would prefer them on the Left or Right.

.. index::
    single: Jumbotron text

Jumbotron text
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. index::
    single: Title; Jumbotron

Title
.....

The jumbotron title will be rendered with an h1 tag if Banner show titles is checked.

.. index::
    single: Content; Jumbotron
    single: Text; Jumbotron

Content
.......

Main text body of the jumbotron.

.. index::
    single: Call to action; Jumbotron

Call to action
..............

A *call to action* such as 'buy now' or 'find out more' let your audience know
what you want them to do next and can be a useful motivator.

If there is a call to action it will be displayed as a button using the size
and any chevrons as set in the Banner.

.. index::
    single: Button type; Jumbotron

Button type
...........

The call to *action button* colour can be one of:

* default
* primary
* success
* info
* warning
* danger

.. index::
    single: Link; Jumbotron
    single: Call to action; Link

Link
....

The destination link of the call to action button.

.. index::
    single: Status; Jumbotron text

Status
......

The individual Jumbotrons can be published or not.

.. index::
    single: Styling

Styling
-------

All styling comes from document cascading stylesheets.
